c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\NewGame.exe.config
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\obj\Debug\NewGame.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\obj\Debug\NewGame.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\NewGame.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\NewGame.pdb
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3DX.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3DX.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\obj\Debug\NewGame.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\obj\Debug\NewGame.pdb
C:\Users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectDraw.dll
C:\Users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectInput.dll
C:\Users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectDraw.xml
C:\Users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectInput.xml
C:\Users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\obj\Debug\NewGame.Form1.resources
C:\Users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\obj\Debug\NewGame.ResultsForm.resources
C:\Users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NewGame\NewGame\obj\Debug\NewGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\андрей\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aru_Omarali_game\NewGame\bin\Debug\NewGame.exe.config
C:\Users\андрей\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aru_Omarali_game\NewGame\obj\Debug\NewGame.exe
C:\Users\андрей\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Aru_Omarali_game\NewGame\obj\Debug\NewGame.pdb
